Feared throughout both the highest and lowest echelons of global society, INFINITY is the mightiest, yet most secretive crime syndicate the world has ever seen. Formed by a highly mysterious individual known only as PANDORA, the entire organization exists to rally behind their dream to rule the world, and thereafter heaven above.

INFINITY was formed several decades before the Barrier was shattered, being the amalgamation of several older crime syndicates with lineages going back even thousands of years. The events leading up to its formation and the formation itself is something of a legend among those who know of the organization, as none know the precise details save for those closest to PANDORA themself. All that is known is that PANDORA carved a bloody path through several of the world's most powerful criminal organisations and merged them into INFINITY, christening themselves as Grand Star and forever changing the landscape of Gelderth's criminal underworld. 

INFINITY's core philosophy is one of power, which is a reflection of their Grand Star, BEYOND's own beliefs. They hold that those with power are the arbiters of justice and righteousness, and that INFINITY should be the ultimate justice over earth and heaven. To this end, INFINITY's primary goal is to seize control of Gelderth's governments through force and subterfuge, so that their rule can be extended to the stars in the name of Grand Star BEYOND. To accomplish this, INFINITY operates several shell companies and dummy organisations across the globe that function as legitimate fronts for their less scrupulous activities, especially in the realms of weapons development and SOUL research. While they fund several projects and experiments of varying levels of legality into the most cutting edge areas of research, including many that no-one else would even consider funding, most of their advanced research and development is headed by their own in-house research teams.

INFINITY's structure is centralized in that every local cell of the organization ultimately answers to Grand Star BEYOND's central command (the location thereof being unknown, if it even has a specific location), but in practice most cells are left to their own devices with only the occasional check-in, and command is highly decenteralized. Personell are varied and diverse across their many cells, with no two cells being exactly the same. Most of their fighting force are composed of various super soldiers, devised from INFINITY's many projects into the field, along with unmodified, battle hardened mercenaries and other such brutal killers armed with supertech weaponry. While hierarchy is somewhat loose in INFINITY, the general rule is that the strong are in charge, and those who contribute significantly to INFINITY's cause the most will rise through the ranks.

To serve their core operations, INFINITY has numerous safe-houses, storage areas, and secret laboratories scattered throughout the world in remote locations, so that their personell can always have access to resources, shelter, and equipment. These are under constant lock and key, and often require esoteric methods to access. While some locations have simple keycard authorization, some locations call for things as complicated as a SOUL scan or the completion of a complicated spell. Some sites are unmanned or otherwise left empty, but most are heavily utilized by local cells for their various operations.
