Constructed as part of the Mugen Project, 02/88 THE BURST / 03/77 THE SOUL is an operative of INFINITY and forms one half of Mugen Runner THE BURST. He/She and his/her syncropartner, 02/88 THE BURST / 03/77 THE SOUL, were activated by Dr. Monogarn when 01 THE NEXT and 99 THE NEXT were freed during a raid on a secret INFINITY development facility by Mugen Runner THE ONE. Under the doctor's direct control, the duo's directives are simple:
Locate and capture 01 THE NEXT and 99 THE NEXT.
Kill Mugen Runner THE ONE.

02 THE BURST is bound to Dr. Monogarn's will, and by extension to the will of INFINITY. Despite this, she does demonstrate her own personality when not under direct command, even though it is twisted by INFINITY's brainwashing.
Calm and composed at all times, 02 THE BURST takes things in her stride and is very good at waiting for the optimal chance to act. She gives others the chance to talk before she speaks, and lets others make their move before she responds. She is one to have a solid plan before entering a situation, and can come up with a plan on the fly when forced to. She is also rather introspective and reflective, enjoying the physical world's many different forms of beauty and thinking and philosophising when left to her own devices. Overall, she is unbelievably PATIENT, and is always ready to wait until her turn comes so she can make the most of it.

88 THE BURST is bound to Dr. Monogarn's will, and by extension to the will of INFINITY. Despite this, she does demonstrate her own personality when not under direct command, even though it is twisted by INFINITY's brainwashing.
Passionate yet polite, 88 THE BURST is an oddly friendly and gentle soul. Despite this, she does have some trouble reading people, and doesn't always understand their feelings on things. Nevertheless, she makes a concerted effort to be kind, even if her brainwashing interprets this kindness as executing INFINITY's will for the good of everyone. She has an overwhelming passion for things she does, and gives it her all every time. She does have an impulsive streak however, and sometimes needs others to reel her in. In the end, 88 THE BURST demonstrates an unusual KINDNESS, and always seeks to be gentle.

03 THE SOUL is bound to Dr. Monogarn's will, and by extension to the will of INFINITY. Despite this, he does demonstrate his own personality when not under direct command, even though it is twisted by INFINITY's brainwashing.
Well-spoken and dramatic, 03 THE SOUL comes off as some kind of noble of old.

77 THE SOUL is bound to Dr. Monogarn's will, and by extension to the will of INFINITY. Despite this, she does demonstrate her own personality when not under direct command, even though it is twisted by INFINITY's brainwashing.
Direct and intense, 77 THE BURST makes her thoughts known when she has them. She makes an effort to be direct and honest, and doesn't bandy words. She doesn't do this out of a desire to hurt people however, and has the tact to keep certain things to herself. She views deception as an evil, hence why
